ARROW-15820: [C++][Doc] Add table_source to streaming_execution.rst & clarify parameter name (#12555)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/streaming_execution.rst

  :linenos:
  :lineno-match:

``table_source``
----------------

.. _stream_execution_table_source_docs:

In the previous example, :ref:`source node <stream_execution_source_docs>`, a source node

> was used to input the data and the node expected data to be fed using a generator. But in 
> developing application much easier and to enable performance optimization, the 
> :class:`arrow::compute::TableSourceNodeOptions` can be used. Here the input data can be 
> passed as a ``std::shared_ptr<arrow::Table>`` along with a ``max_batch_size``. The objetive
> of the ``max_batch_size`` is to enable the user to tune the performance given the nature of 
> vivid workloads. Another important fact is that the streaming execution engine will use
> the ``max_batch_size`` as execution batch size. And it is important to note that the output
> batches from an execution plan doesn't get merged to form larger batches when an inserted 
> table has smaller batch size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was used to input the data.  But when developing an application, if the data is already in memory
as a table, it is much easier, and more performant to use :class:`arrow::compute::TableSourceNodeOptions`.
Here the input data can be passed as a ``std::shared_ptr<arrow::Table>`` along with a ``max_batch_size``. The  ``max_batch_size`` is to break up large record batches so that they can be processed in parallel.  It is important to note that the table batches will not get merged to form larger batches when the source table has a smaller batch size. 
```

At the moment we use the source node's batch size as the execution batch size.  Recently, however, there have been talks about maybe using a smaller batch size for execution.  So we would slice a large chunk off of the source, create a thread task based on the large chunk, and then iterate through that large chunk in smaller chunks.  So for now, let's just avoid talking about the execution batch size until that is more finalized.
